Initial research involved battery types, charging circuits and voltage regulators
Components on rover need 5v so two lithium cells (7.4v) with a voltage regulator is good
Orginially looked at linear regulators but these turned out to be inefficient. When the voltage is reduced the excess power is dissapated as heat.
Now looking at variable buck converters (voltage reducer). Buck converters have a much better efficiency around 90%.

Decided on:
	lithium cells (in series) (7.4v, 3700mAh) ---> buck converter (5v higher current) ---> shared to system
Power shared to the system is here on referred to as the 5v and GND rails.

Raspberry pi can be powered directly through the 5v and GND (ground pins) on its board. However further research revealed that this, although feasible, would bypass
the internal polyfuse which could cause damage to board if an incident occured.
Instead, wiring 5v rail to a micro USB in order to power the Pi through the USB port means that the polyfuse remains operational.

Current power calculations:
Pi Zero - 0.5w
6 motors - 1.8w
Radio Transceiver - 0.7w
Camera Module - 1.25w
Assumed minimum with all systems running - 4.25w
In actual use not all systems may run or some systems may operate at higher powers. In short power usage may vary.

In this iteration of the design batteries would have to be removed from the rover in order to be charged.
Solar power is a possible with the correct circuits. The company adafruit supplies a solar charge circuit that regulates current for maximum efficieny.
Charging with solar requires the possibility that the system may be drawing power from LiPo cells whilst they are being "charged".
This is reasonably easy to achieve with cells in parallel but cells in series can suffer from unbalanced voltages (could heat up and cause damage).
Current system relies on cells in series so in order to use solar power I must transition to series.
Proposed change:
	lithium cells (in parallel) (3.7v, 7400mAh) ---> buck-boost converter (5v lower current) ---> 5v and GND rails

A buck-boost converter allows the voltage to stay the same whether it is above or below the desired voltage. Slightly less efficient but higher than 90%.
Power calculations above show that at least a 4.25w solar panel would have to be used in order for constant operation under the sun.
